auditors guide (#2565)
chainwayxyz/citrea: docs/auditors-guide.md

> # Auditors Guide for Citrea

Reviewer: Is it an auditors guide (the `docs/` book) or is it a technical documentation which indeed can be used as an auditors guide?

## What to look out for

### Obvious
- Loss or freezing of user funds
- Halting the chain (either L2 level or L1 level -- Light Client Proofs)
- Tricking the bridge smart contract with a Bitcoin transaction as if it’s coming from Clementine. (Wrongful cBTC minting)

### Not so obvious
- Split in Light Client Proofs
  - The [Light Client Proof circuit](./light-client-circuit.md) is designed to be deterministic: a Bitcoin block will always yield the same Citrea state upon successfull proving. Any behaviour that breaks this assumption can be used to attack Bridge operators.
- Breaking the Batch Proof
  - Any diversion between "native" L2 block execution vs. ["circuit" L2 block execution](./batch-proof-circuit.md)

## Security Assumptions

> There are is only a single trusted entity in the Citrea rollup, the sequencer, and we trust it for 2 things:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is only a single trusted entity in the Citrea rollup, the sequencer, and we trust it for 3 things:
```
